add section about compiling multiple elm modules into the same output… (#1038)
parcel-bundler/website: src/languages/elm.md

{% endsample %}

## Compiling multiple files into a single JS output

You can use the `with` query param to compile multiple Elm sources into the same bundle. This can help you keep the bundle size smaller, because things like the runtime and common code are shared.

{% sample null, "column" %}
{% samplefile "index.js" %}

```js
import { Elm } from "./Main.elm?with=./MainB.elm&with=./MainC.elm";

Elm.Main.init({ node: document.getElementById("root") });
Elm.MainB.init({ node: document.getElementById("rootB") });
Elm.MainC.init({ node: document.getElementById("rootC") });
```

{% endsamplefile %}
{% endsample %}

This will do the equivalent of this command:

```
elm make Main.elm MainB.elm MainC.elm
```

The `with` param can be used multiple times to include multiple extra Elm programs.

Beware of 2 things:

1. **Path base:** The paths given in the `with` param values are relative to the directory of the first file in the `import` statement (in this case `Main.elm`), NOT relative to the JS file that contains the `import` statement.

> 2. **Unintentional Duplication:** If you import an import line with `with` params in multiple JS files but the query string is not exactly the same, parcel will treat it as a different asset and duplicate the content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Unintentional Duplication:** Multiple imports that effectively specify the same Elm files but in a different order (or differ regarding leading `./`, etc.) are treated as different assets (and will therefore be duplicated)
```

I think this is clearer

Author: Yeah, much clearer. Thanks

> To avoid those pitfalls, it's recommended to use [this extra resolver package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/parcel-resolver-elm-bundle), when making heavy use of with params (i.e. importing the bundles in more than 1 JS file, using the `with` more than 2 times)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid those pitfalls when making heavy use of `with` params (i.e. importing some combination in more than one place), it's recommended to use something like [this third-party resolver package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/parcel-resolver-elm-bundle) which allows specifying some shorthands for commonly used Elm file combinations.
```

And it would be great if that link at least showed how the `extraSources` is supposed to work (= the docs for that package), even if it's not (fully) implemented yet.

Author: I will update that library in the next few days.

Author: @mischnic I updated the readme and the implementation of the package here https://www.npmjs.com/package/parcel-resolver-elm-bundle
